DEVDOCS-5045: [update] Remove non-token oauth scopes from token creation docs (#95)
bigcommerce/docs: docs/api-docs/payments/payments-api-overview.mdx

<Callout type="info">
#### Required OAuth scopes

> Consult the [Create Payment Access Token](/docs/rest-payments) endpoint to use the OAuth permission scope for your application's [API Account](/docs/start/authentication/api-accounts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the [Create Payments scope](/docs/start/authentication/api-accounts#token-creation-scopes) to the [store-level or app-level API account](/docs/start/authentication/api-accounts) you use when you [Create Payment Access Tokens](/docs/rest-payments/tokens#create-payment-access-token).
```
